everybody welcome Exeter the land please
abiding by zagat with plus due to run so
far fast runs well sometimes good pace
great hair I mean look at that why do we
occasionally have a little poop over our
dangled AR h l MH o m ro mahom to you as
well great rate of fire excel floor not
an excel floor great rate of fire pretty
bad damage if I'm being honest with you
speeds okay though flush is an OK item
looks good the big draw here you know I
try to find something positive about
every Eden run because I think it helps
you focus on the stuff that's going to
help you win and the big thing for us
right now I would say is 3 HP 3 HP is a
lot to work with
if we can manage to snag ourselves a
deal with the devil because we started
with not number 2 but it's but bombs
because we started with bug bombs we
should be able conceivably to get a
spirit heart either by using a key to
get access to the shop blowing the shop
up and then grabbing or blowing the the
shopkeeper up and grabbing some money or
by blowing up a tinted rock and picking
up a couple of spirit arts as a result
so the keys are on this run we just got
to turn them in the ignition as if it's
a car that was built in like you know
before the year 2008 or something like
that because now it's all you know
keyless entry and I don't even know
anymore I don't know I'm pretty sure
that I have a car that doesn't have a
place to put your key into the ignition
which would make our Kelly very
displeased but I'm pretty sure you could
just steal it
I'm not sure if it locks I think I'm
pretty like I know it seems like I'm
inviting despair do the animation is so
funny when you flush Dingles but I know
it seems like I'm inviting this I mean
obviously the car locks I'm just not
sure of the mechanism sometimes it just
like lets me in even if capes holding a
key like you know 20 meters away and one
time I got it I pressed the start button
on the car and it was like there's no
key and it started anyway and I was like
you know I appreciate that but the key
is in my pocket and also that's a little
scare
I mean I did want to go to the grocery
store at the time so that was like it
saved me a little bit of hassle I
suppose what in the world is this but it
was still a little fishies all I'm
trying to say so this is like the
greatest arcade of all time the way that
I think we should choose to play this is
to I mean we got lots of money now our
luck stat is okay try to earn the spirit
hard go down to 15 cents it's a little
bit of a bummer but we'll do it anyway
and then blow up slot machines try to
get HP back use the HP of course to try
to leverage for more money and more HP
we get IV bag all right so IV bag is an
interesting item I think I like it more
than flush and it does allow us to get
you know an extra value add out of some
of these so blow this one up next and we
get a lot of HP out of that which is
extremely nice we're looking for blood
bag I don't know if you can get IV bag
twice on the same room I never really
thought about it
there's our luck upgrade it's one of the
things we've been trying to work for
here and with 1.64 luck now we can you
know play these two bad boys right here
try to get some more spirit arts or a
better trinket better I don't know ace
of clubs ace of clubs is actually pretty
good here I'm going to go down to 15
cents again just think it's a smart play
keep ourselves you know we got a goal
basically 15 cents allows us to you know
work within the framework of this run so
that was just blew up I want to pick up
keys and I want to pick up nickels and I
didn't mean to pick that but I do want
to pick up bombs then I think we ace of
clubs everything here and you're going
to blow up the blood bank for me which
I'm actually admittedly a little
disappointed by and I'm going to play
this down too while I was going to say
until we got a luck upgrade but
obviously that didn't work out but
honestly that worked out pretty well I
mean we picked up a lot of like every
consumable and
IV bag is probably a better item than
flush luck downgrade sort of stinks but
the idea is the IV bag is like a luck up
generator I think you can get lucky
pennies out of it at least even if you
can it enables a lot of items it's like
a dull razor with a mild cost associated
with it but also a you know a
proportional benefit so no joke IV bag I
hated for probably like two years I
didn't want the IV bag I wanted in HP
upgrade but there are a lot of
situations in which the IV bag is
actually vastly superior to @h people at
speed upgrade and if we get bloody lust
I'll be happy to tell you all about it
crawl space actually a good crawl space
again next booster pack please better
crawl spaces not because I want the game
to be easier necessarily although let's
not go down that road but mostly because
crawl spaces are like a super rare thing
and there's nothing more disheartening
than like oh I found the super rare
opportunity to pick up three cents three
cents great experience but it's alright
you know that time that was a really
good crawl space I'm not going to not
going to insulted urbis merchants good
name Explorer has been amazing for
consumables the hope is that you know we
can take the good luck that we've been
given in the form of consumables and
ride it or transfer it eventually
somehow to get in some extra items that
benefit us like the clicker I do not use
it on principle I do not use the sytem I
hate it I don't want to reroll myself
from being eaten and call an item off
the top of our list here I think it's
bad item and I you know I have to make
my stand as impotently as it may be
I am a content creator and I demand to
be heard let's uh I'm not making fun of
my own station here I'm just saying you
know it's a relatively minor
inconvenience champion belt nightlight
it's okay grab this as well welders
you're the lovers card yeah I mean we
can use this better if we come across
nice if we come across a blood bank like
two floors from now is probably the most
likely time to encounter one of those
but we might as well use it now we got a
luck upgrade and a luck upgrade is going
to benefit us for a while so feel pretty
good about that this is a big floor for
us we got ten bombs the bombs are good
decent at least and can use this to
finance a deal with the devil I will
never not waste at least one bomb when
I'm using bombs on the monstro fight
it's like tradition at this point might
as well take it it's another luck
upgrade with range as well 2.6 for luck
nothing to sneeze at and here you just
go broke like we're going to take both
of these which means that IV bag is
basically going to be worth junk pretty
soon but it's worth it and if we ever
get the HP back no problem so we're
actually like we can fly we got good
stats we got a good cat next to us in
the room right now we're 30 seconds
behind schedule for boss rush but you
know boss rush for whatever reason
having been making it as often as I
normally do now I would love to say that
that correlates with an improvement in
our performance but I don't know if
that's necessarily the case however I
think we can stop worrying about it
start start treating boss rush I guess
for now at least
that's kind of a special case you know
it's something that is not every run is
necessarily built for boss rush that's a
that's a sentence I would have disputed
probably like a year and a half two
years ago but now I believe it for
whatever reason I'm not sure floors have
gotten longer enemies gotten tanky I
mean we did spend like two minutes on a
unique shop and even just unique room
like that not a shop sorry in arcade but
unique arcades like that or unique rooms
can slow you down like the fact that
there's that shop now that has two lucky
pennies and two green heads usually one
of them as a champion and you know
fighting them will slow you down
but it's also sweet so I'm I'm certainly
far from being against that I love the
fact that it slowed him down long enough
for us to actually land some shots dude
you are the worst of all little horns
and you're going to summon yourself
during this boss fight at least like it
feels like most of the time we fight
little horn I'm sorry but most of the
time we fight big horn our damage is
garbage
it's like a it's become like a liens law
you know if you ever have terrible
damage on the third floor get ready for
your big horn fight but this time we're
actually like fairly well equipped to
deal with his nonsense so relatively
happy about that plus like our speed and
maneuverability mean we're not going to
get hit by those bombs if we get hit by
those bombs something is gone terribly
wrong could use a good trinket and it's
not really a good trinket we did get a
boss rush enabler I'm not sure if that's
ever gonna work right you know what it
actually is a good trinket if we have IV
bag it's unlikely to matter much but we
might as well take it I you know looking
at the numbers here in 33.3% chances as
being a better trinket repeating of
course mostly like our range is solid
and I kind of think that tapeworm is
it's not quite garbage it's just only
good situationally so I don't think this
is a situation in which we require that
was just awful definitely we want the
compass why not get mom's coin purse and
just try for some help
tears up well worth it already health up
feels like I'm walking on sunshine and
perks
dude that was an incredibly good haul
now we just need a red heart so we can
start to roll in the money like
straight-up mom's coin purse this is a
very strange sentence to be saying it's
gonna pay for itself then
ever happens we're probably going to get
more than 15 cents back as a result of
swallowed penny and being able to use
the IV bag with that HP upgrade we got
so may not happen immediately that item
will in time pay for itself dry baby
haven't seen you in a long time old
friend how you been doing great little
orbital does damage across the whole
room when it takes damage itself
sometimes it chooses not to and that can
be frustrating that can be a frustrating
experience I'm not going to lie to you
but nice little helping hand we all need
somebody to lean on
a wise band once said that I don't
remember who was probably one direction
all right let's go that was the worst of
all possible bombs but still got a
spirit art out of it save your fool card
because the fool card is a nice little
boss rush enabler and we're only a
minute behind schedule I know it's a
boss rush isn't something we should be
doing every single run but it actually
might be something we can do on this run
at first it looked like it was not going
to be likely but kind of changed my tune
a little bit I really don't think we
should use bombs to get money we don't
need it you know the bombs are more
valuable as long as we're getting red
hard semi-regularly we got more than
enough money to do whatever we want
thanks to our other combination of items
here this is going to say a second
secret room but apparently not what
about no okay we'll just go then we'll
just go and this runs popping off I got
to say I think it's mostly the hairdo a
little soft-serve little uh you know
dipped McDonald's ice cream cone there
so they call it down at the barbershop
hey what can I do for you buster Lily
ever see a McDonald's chocolate dipped
ice-cream cone say no more fam so that
barbers are always saying fam for some
reason I so I don't mean I haven't had a
haircut in a long time it's been like
ten years but
the second-to-last haircut I ever got in
my college town there was a barbershop
I'm not going to out them by name but
this one if you're not familiar with it
this will give you a little glimpse into
the world of public masculinity
I'm not going to out the name of it
again because I mean mostly I don't
remember but if I say that I'm not going
to out them then it just sounds like I'm
being a nice guy about it let's get my
hair cut and then a lady just like in a
business suit walk down the street I've
never done a family friend of mine that
was cutting my hair it was a barber I've
never met before in my entire life he
said it looks like she needs a good ass
fucking and I said haha yeah but in my
head I was like oh my god what is this
man talking she's just a nice lady
walking out and about here I don't know
first off I apologize for the use of the
language their whole video might get
demonetized as a result but it's worth
it for the purpose of the bit first off
what does somebody look like when they
need a good ass fucking what does that
mean like is that a particular look on
your face is it the way you walk I don't
understand like I didn't ask him
questions you guys want to get the heck
out of the chair the dude's got like
scissors he's cutting your hair you know
you don't want to go excuse me sir could
you explain yourself a little bit more
that's not cool buddy I probably should
have I would love to say that you know
and that's when I stood up and said you
shouldn't talk about people like that
and then everybody in the barbershop
stood up and applauded and handed me a
crisp $100 bill but that's not what
happened is it it's not what happened
but I need to know what does it mean to
look like you need a good ass asterisk
asterisk asterisk asterisk Inc you know
what I mean
was it I don't understand what I've
never looked at a person and thought you
know what would really tie their look
together putting my dangle in their poop
hole I'm trying to get around the census
here okay it's all politics stays me
it's all politics look at that money
that's so good you can't donate any but
that's alright you know what really tie
this look together oh I was reading in
Vanity Fair this month that this
summer's hottest new look is taking a
dick up your bum hole you know I don't I
don't think he was talking from a
fashion standpoint I think he was just
trying to express some sort of you know
verbal dominance in this situation is
very uncomfortable he certainly assumed
that I had a rapport with him that I let
me put it this way if they had put that
on like a little waiver that you sign
when you go to the barbershop probably
still would have gotten my haircut there
cuz like I was already there but then at
the same time I also would have been
like can I opt out of that condition
because it's a little strange shot it
I should have doubled down I should have
been like oh her that's my aunt's you
think he would have stuck to his guns or
you think he would have been like oh
well hey buddy you know I thought it'd
mean oh like that I mean it's just like
I thought she was nobodies am so
would've been like yeah your aunt looks
like she needs to good rogering I don't
know what did they call it in the UK but
it's certainly a better word than I used
for it don't ever zap me you angel
I don't really have anywhere else to go
with that anecdote except that it's
always been kind of a funny one for me
ever since it happened it's just like
there's this assumes level of rapport
that especially like how older
generation men have with one another
it's like uncomfortable a little bit
it's not like I disagree but I don't
know I've never had a conversation with
a friend of mine that's the same age and
been like lady looks like she needs a
good bum fudging maybe it's because I
phrase it like I'm Jack McBrayer or
something like that but it gets like a
that's a born in the 1950s sort of you
know the Golden Age of America sort of
conversation to have there it's not one
for me I suppose okay where are we going
on this one this tough call we don't
have any guppy items so I think we go
for Whore of Babylon and probably ignore
Guppies hairball cat you're already
living in a penthouse buddy why just go
back in the penthouse you don't need to
be out the space between the keyboard
and monitor is not where you want to be
I promise you this we're on the crop as
one man we whipped written didn't even
pick up the key we will really hard I'm
making it the boss rush as predicted I
suppose and then as a result of that
interaction I decided to go bald it
definitely was not genetics it was I'm
not going to subject myself to that
toxic masculinity anymore even if the
haircut was pretty good and also $11
which was a steal back then and even
more of a steal today I mean he's a
hard-working dude I'm not going to I'm
not going to say that his barbershop
business deserves to die because he's a
little crass you know people are complex
individuals you know what would have
been the best is if I had tripled down
the double down is one thing that's my
am or that dough I think what would have
been better is the tripling down be like
hurt oh I put it in her butt last night
she doesn't need a good but fudging she
just had one that would have thrown him
for a freaking loop and ass head would
have spun around smoke come out of his
ears because his diagnosis has been
rendered invalid by my life's experience
maybe she had like a rash and he comes
like a cortisone okay this is like
probably getting a little too graphic
there are people who and I don't
encourage you to do this let their kids
watch these episodes under supervision
the important thing is the northernlion
brand is about crudeness and treating
people with respect to things that
appear to be at odds with one another
but don't have to be so kids don't
repeat many of the words you hear in
this episode like come cortisone but
then also at the same time treat people
as you want to be treated yourself which
is mostly why I just never talk to
people because I don't want them to talk
to me either strangers at least but you
know strangers just a friend you haven't
met that's what Marge Simpson said we're
going blank card here by the way blank
card fool so two rules but less if you
can't make boss rush I mean we've
already done our r.i.p Chris Cornell's
so I mean so that it's a loss man I'm
not going to deny I'm not making light
of the situation it's a reverential
treatment I assure you of this there is
real and I know that you know deep
inside of my head right now I'm going
there is a chance we're going to make it
the boss rush even as I say there's no
chance in my head I'm going there's a
chance but a really 100 percent requires
emporer card to show up due to that spot
no it's just speed ball
Oh Cal Cal Cal can we maybe shouldn't
have taken black powder but we can
afford to take black powder so I took
black powder and we're going to find
ourselves figuring out pretty quickly
whether that is a mistake or a genius
move spirit hearts please thank you
thank you teleport out one spirit hard
means a lot for me here we're to copy
items away from becoming gummy so very
unlikely I think just dispenses the
notion that were going to get the boss
rush what we should be doing especially
if we're fighting enemies that don't
really attack quickly like if they're
slow if they Telegraph their attacks I
guess is what I mean to say then we
should put down a black powder circle in
a safe spot seems sensible dude
Polyphemus so good rate of fire went up
by ten but our damage like quintupled so
I'll accept it really oh my god this is
so good habit sack boy sack boy might
give us a card secondly did not give us
a card we bought a card it's a moon card
the moon card is just a gutsy dub fool
card as far as I'm concerned well buy a
key we have missed boss rush
and that's okay we're going to teleport
to the secret room get Black Lotus which
were like thank God we came this way
thank God we came cortisone I don't even
know if you use cortisone to treat a
rash and that's just irresponsible
reporting on my part you might go your
whole life now you know you're always
going to use cortisone to treat a rash I
wonder why because this idiot said it in
a video one time sorry didn't mean to
affect the the pitch of your whole life
blank card world blank card strength
dude I like blank card world if I'm
going to be a hundred percent honest
with you and the pickup of Polyphemus
first off great book from the writer of
Twilight secondly probably guarantees us
as close to a win as we could guarantee
here I mean the secret room giving us a
black card would help out a little bit
you know when your heart bet it's true
it's also pretty good right whore
Babylon
I forgot that that is something we
should endeavor to pursue here if only
our donation machine had survived a
little bit longer like we got some good
stuff to give to it throw down the black
powder
let's go not really dealing as much
damage as I'd like that's a rate of fire
related problem right now I'm hoping
that you know we got like five black
powder circles I'm hoping the damage
stacks here otherwise I'm feeling a
little silly should not have picked that
up grab this let's go this runs in a
good spot we took risks and honestly the
risks have largely paid off good curse
at a loss like I said risks have largely
paid off you know why give me an emperor
car the game is calling my bluff here
you don't think I'll do it don't you
know I'm Loco above all else for this
entire story I just want to know what
the dude man when he said looks like she
could use a good a effin because I've
never diagnosed the person you know
sometimes you hang out with your friends
and you're like you do a podcast with
them for example and you go looks like
this buddy needs some sleep you know
you have a rough night you feeling okay
sometimes you see your friend you go
this and this is not me sub calling out
like you're subtweeting Invicta at all
you know you see your friend and you go
mean your vegetables lately you're just
looking a little like the fishing
something I don't know I'm not a doctor
you could use some vitamin K that's my
diagnosis you know eat some green
leafies that's what I call lettuce
that's what everyone in Canada calls
lettuce green leafy don't even look it
up on the internet just go to it can go
to Tim Hortons and say hey give me a cup
of your best green leafy they know what
to do
they will not laugh at you tell them
Canadian Prime Minister Jean poutine sin
you trust me they will not mock you
stop this I've never looked at anybody
and said I think I really use a penis in
their butt and maybe that's a problem on
my end
sometimes I've been accused of having a
lack of vision
maybe this specifically is what they
meant I doubted though cuz that would be
absurd but that's kind of the premise of
the joke to begin with you cannot give
me nine lives but if you did it would be
sweet okay
self we need to lab we need to have a
little intervention here because the
damage you're taking here is not good I
don't want to be the one to you know
break the bad news to you but you've
taken a hit unlike some fire you take a
hit on some red pooop' and you open to
mimic the mimic above all else like is
unfathomable why you would consider that
as a decent decision it's like I'm
having a conversation with my own brain
it's very strange but honestly a long
time coming no exits here and every time
you get a curse with the lost it's like
the game is made of dead ends it's just
like it must highlight the number of
dead ends that are in the game doesn't
actually increase the amount but it
always feels like I didn't read a patch
in more dead ends here they recently
added more hops how to jump is like I
mean we haven't had we started with
flush we haven't had any books we should
take how to jump because it is part of
bookworm but it's not a free exercise
like we do have to beat the room and
it's going to be bosses we should really
crap on them but it does carry like a
small amount of risk associated with it
I don't know this could be a hush run as
well like I think Polyphemus is a decent
counter to super armor although I mostly
just say that without really knowing
what the words strung together in that
order really mean oh my god I did not
get hit that is a surprise wouldn't mind
picking up like nine lives
Abaddon one spirit heart you know
something along those lines over the
next room or two here HP from the boss
something okay okay okay this is good
so we nose Goblin is good lockdown is
not young need me to tell you that at
this point your existence probably yeah
knows goblin should be sweet for us I
don't think we need silver dollar and if
we can only old one trinket which I
believe is the case I think we should go
for the one that occasionally sticks our
shots to enemies because if they stick
I'm not sure if they do a product of
their base damage to the enemy over time
but if they do obviously like we're
doing a lot of it so feels good blood
clots nice it's not a HP but it is a
little bit of damage bonus we might as
well go back and look in our boss trap
room here and see what we can get don't
really I mean I want to do the curse
room but I don't really want to do the
curse room yeah you can you can go ahead
I'll be done here pretty soon but you
should start now I am gonna go check it
out a couple of spirit eyes could be a
big deal here and actually this is great
because we'll get a whore of babylon and
the extra damage from sin robes okay
crickets head we already have crickets
entity why would you stay there it took
the freakin damage you've got nothing to
worry about good okay just keep going
blank card Wheel of Fortune is better
especially with sac bully we're going to
get lots of battery charges so I would
expect to get like a lot of items on the
chest we got to make it to the chest
first
it seems pretty likely based on our
current situation that that'll happen
the last thing that would be like
awesome and I given the amount of time
it's been in the game
okay blank our gear is obviously the
best of all these but given the amount
of time that has obviously been in the
game I should be aware of how this
combination works but does piercing
shots plus Polyphemus still carry the
detriment of Polyphemus which is that
like it loses whatever damage it does to
the first enemy when it passes through
to the second and the first one dies or
does it just do the damage consistently
because if we can get like Sagittarius
or something like that you know I'm
doing like a chef's kiss with my hand
right now it's a great that's not a
maneuver in the bedroom that's like you
know ratatouille that little mouse can
cook but the avenues for which we can
get piercing shots are pretty low right
now once we get down to the chest will
be a little better we've already seen
our deal with the devil I'm not going to
go fight the hush because fighting the
hush is basically you know health
related suicide at this point and I
don't think you trust in my health
related suicide I try to get a streak
but I and then he goes done good good
good okay thank you try baby that was
great work with 19 keys I mean there's
two things to draw from that oh my lord
the first one is that we need more keys
the second one is that blank card and
then yera
gives us sixteen chests which is
probably just about the best we could
aspire to to open right now so there's
no real reason to get 64 chests if we
can only open 16 to begin with and I
mean the next level over that is 32 was
worth it honestly
maybe ill-advised but worth it
nonetheless
pretty lucky to not take damage there
but we shouldn't use the arrow because
we could use Yara with blank card to
double chest to drop from other rooms so
I'd be a little foolish to throw the
arrow rune away although it would give
us a nice quick boost in the number of
items we had so not an idiotic decision
I think the truth of the matter is that
with the combination of items we have
right now the only idiotic decision is
to neglect to use either of them in
general so we should be fine as long as
we don't overthink things here that last
shot will do it thank you for not even
giving me the option to go to the void
floor I very much appreciate it so I
think we're going to get charged curse
with a blind well that's going to make
things exciting to finish up for certain
and then we'll earn another charge
surely all the other enemies of Dead
will earn another charge or maybe give
Sackboy to just pay out with one
immediately planned see what an
unfortunate item to get right now
although dudes oh no no no no you got to
kill lust last he has not done it
that was a squandering of doing it
Scorpio for poison tears is just okay
double again that's sixteen I feel
better about just opening these sixteen
question marks let's go four at a time
book of sin into bombs are key okay
disregard my earlier concerns we should
look at all of these now Sagittarius is
what we asked for in God so we're about
to find out Loki's horns is okay mom's
wig actually excellent now we should
double because we got the opportunity to
get like a lot more a lot more value out
of the doublings than originally
anticipated
so more sacks into more batteries thank
you 56 so what we have left here 1 2 3 4
5 8 12
that'll be 24 this will be 48 okay
I was doing four at a time mom's eye is
mom transformation anemic as a baby
minecrafter get out of here okay next
four one two three four doctors remote
continuum okay
little low-key all right my little
unicorn nothing special this is more
than four let's see what we got
game kit less actives please infestation
that's all right
technology zero cool new item book as
sin we've already seen it scissors
terrible just got off a garbage curse
died that's not great be honest with you
little chubby telepathy for dummies
should be bookworm may we already had an
experimental treatment is spun Libre
cost us twenty five damage there but
look at these freaking tears what is
going on iron bar box of spiders later
bombs Apple cool item lusty blood grade
item Ki bum don't like it d12
four-year-olds rocks get out of here
okay what do we get a little gertie
nothing wrong with that Irene OTT at
like evens blessings radar we knotted
conjoin yet spider but pretty garbage
hot bombs decent number too dangerous
for people of duplex I don't know
strange tears no doubt about that
bursting sack host hat I mean it seems
like we got a pretty good setup going on
here would you mind dropping at the gods
room for me
sack of pennies is useless little Chad
super bandage alright I mean we could
use the HP and our final three items I
think rainbow baby sack dagger and miter
I mean I don't really feel like Spider
bud is the right choice here when we do
have blank card sitting around as well
but honestly I'll take what I can get
here this turned out to be pretty good
and I have no idea what's going on with
the damage between tech zero and like
our weird continuum shots but so far it
seems pretty flippin sweet so I'm for it
even though I don't understand it kind
of like most legislation okay keep
moving on here we got our boss fight
already we've also got mr. boom we
didn't get sad bombs but it's okay
sinus infestation we got like mad booger
tears now this booger tears plus
Technology zero seems really fun I am
going to get the heck out of this run
because I have no idea what's going on
thanks for watching hope you enjoyed it
if you did click the like button helps
out a great deal of course subscribe you
wanna see more in future but for now
thanks for watching and I will see you
next time